 
  A CITY NEAR CENTAURUS
  
 
  By BILL DOEDE
  
 
  Illustrated by WEST
  
 
  [Transcriber's Note: This etext was produced from
   
  Galaxy Magazine October 1962.
   
  Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that
   
  the U.S. copyright on this publication was renewed.]
  
 
 
 
   The city was sacred, but not to its gods.
    
   Michaelson was a godâ€”but far from sacred!
   
 
 
 
  Crouched in the ancient doorway like an animal peering out from his
burrow, Mr. Michaelson saw the native.
  
 
  At first he was startled, thinking it might be someone else from the
Earth settlement who had discovered the old city before him. Then he
saw the glint of sun against the metallic skirt, and relaxed.
  
 
  He chuckled to himself, wondering with amusement what a webfooted man
was doing in an old dead city so far from his people. Some facts were
known about the people of Alpha Centaurus II. They were not actually
natives, he recalled. They were a colony from the fifth planet of
the system. They were a curious people. Some were highly intelligent,
though uneducated.
  
 
  He decided to ignore the man for the moment. He was far down the
ancient street, a mere speck against the sand. There would be plenty of
time to wonder about him.
  
 
  He gazed out from his position at the complex variety of buildings
before him. Some were small, obviously homes. Others were huge
with tall, frail spires standing against the pale blue sky. Square
buildings, ellipsoid, spheroid. Beautiful, dream-stuff bridges
connected tall, conical towers, bridges that still swung in the wind
after half a million years. Late afternoon sunlight shone against ebony
surfaces. The sands of many centuries had blown down the wide streets
and filled the doorways. Desert plants grew from roofs of smaller
buildings.
  
 
  Ignoring the native, Mr. Michaelson poked about among the ruins
happily, exclaiming to himself about some particular artifact,
marveling at its state of preservation, holding it this way and that to
catch the late afternoon sun, smiling, clucking gleefully. He crawled
over the rubble through old doorways half filled with the accumulation
of ages. He dug experimentally in the sand with his hands, like a dog,
under a roof that had weathered half a million years of rain and sun.
Then he crawled out again, covered with dust and cobwebs.
  
