Sunlight striking through French windows spotlighted a ballet of dust
motes untroubled by air-conditioning. Morton Opperly's living room was
well-kept but worn and quite behind the times. Instead of reading tapes
there were books; instead of steno-robots, pen and ink; while in place
of a four by six TV screen, a Picasso hung on the wall. Only Opperly
knew that the painting was still faintly radioactive, that it had been
riskily so when he'd smuggled it out of his bomb-singed apartment in
New York City.
  
 
  The two physicists fronted each other across a coffee table. The face
of the elder was cadaverous, large-eyed, and tenderâ€”fined down by
a long life of abstract thought. That of the younger was forceful,
sensuous, bulky as his body, and exceptionally ugly. He looked rather
like a bear.
  
 
  Opperly was saying, "So when he asked who was responsible for the
Maelzel question, I said I didn't remember." He smiled. "They still
allow me my absent-mindedness, since it nourishes their contempt.
Almost my sole remaining privilege." The smile faded. "Why do you keep
on teasing the zoo animals, Willard?" he asked without rancor. "I've
maintained many times that we shouldn't truckle to them by yielding
to their demand that we ask Maizie questions. You and the rest have
overruled me. But then to use those questions to convey veiled insults
isn't reasonable. Apparently the Secretary of Space was bothered enough
about this last one to pay me a 'copter call within twenty minutes of
this morning's meeting at the Foundation. Why do you do it, Willard?"
  
 
  The features of the other convulsed unpleasantly. "Because the
Thinkers are charlatans who must be exposed," he rapped out. "We know
their Maizie is no more than a tealeaf-reading fake. We've traced their
Mars rockets and found they go nowhere. We know their Martian mental
science is bunk."
  
 
  "But we've already exposed the Thinkers very thoroughly," Opperly
interposed quietly. "You know the good it did."
  
 
  Farquar hunched his Japanese-wrestler shoulders. "Then it's got to be
done until it takes."
  
 
  Opperly studied the bowl of mutated flowers by the coffee pot. "I think
you just want to tease the animals, for some personal reason of which
you probably aren't aware."
  
 
  Farquar scowled. "We're the ones in the cages."
  
