The grizzled general—there was also one who was gray—was thinking
that this was a very odd link in the chain of command. Some shadowy and
usually well-controlled memories from World War II faintly stirred his
ire. Here he was giving orders to a being immeasurably more intelligent
than himself. And always orders of the "Tell me how to kill that man"
rather than the "Kill that man" sort. The distinction bothered him
obscurely. It relieved him to know that Maizie had built-in controls
which made her always the servant of humanity, or of humanity's
right-minded leaders—even the Thinkers weren't certain which.
  
 
  The gray general was thinking uneasily, and, like the President, at a
more turbid level, of the resemblance between Papal infallibility and
the dictates of the machine. Suddenly his bony wrists began to tremble.
He asked himself: Was this the Second Coming? Mightn't an incarnation
be in metal rather than flesh?
  
 
  The austere Secretary of State was remembering what he'd taken such
pains to make everyone forget: his youthful flirtation at Lake Success
with Buddhism. Sitting before his
   
   guru
   
  , his teacher, feeling the
Occidental's awe at the wisdom of the East, or its pretense, he had
felt a little like this.
  
 
  The burly Secretary of Space, who had come up through United Rockets,
was thanking his stars that at any rate the professional scientists
weren't responsible for this job. Like the grizzled general, he'd
always felt suspicious of men who kept telling you how to do things,
rather than doing them themselves. In World War III he'd had his fill
of the professional physicists, with their eternal taint of a misty
sort of radicalism and free-thinking. The Thinkers were better—more
disciplined, more human. They'd called their brain-machine Maizie,
which helped take the curse off her. Somewhat.
  
