The President's Secretary, a paunchy veteran of party caucuses, was
also glad that it was the Thinkers who had created the machine, though
he trembled at the power that it gave them over the Administration.
Still, you could do business with the Thinkers. And nobody (not even
the Thinkers) could do business (that sort of business) with Maizie!
  
 
  Before that great square face with its thousands of tiny metal
features, only Jorj Helmuth seemed at ease, busily entering on the
tape the complex Questions of the Day that the high officials had
handed him: logistics for the Endless War in Pakistan, optimum size for
next year's sugar-corn crop, current thought trends in average Soviet
minds—profound questions, yet many of them phrased with surprising
simplicity. For figures, technical jargon, and layman's language were
alike to Maizie; there was no need to translate into mathematical
shorthand, as with the lesser brain-machines.
  
 
  The click of the taper went on until the Secretary of State had twice
nervously fired a cigaret with his ultrasonic lighter and twice quickly
put it away. No one spoke.
  
 
  Jorj looked up at the Secretary of Space. "Section Five, Question
Four—whom would that come from?"
  
 
  The burly man frowned. "That would be the physics boys, Opperly's
group. Is anything wrong?"
  
 
  Jorj did not answer. A bit later he quit taping and began to adjust
controls, going up on the boom-chair to reach some of them. Eventually
he came down and touched a few more, then stood waiting.
  
 
  From the great cube came a profound, steady purring. Involuntarily the
six officials backed off a bit. Somehow it was impossible for a man to
get used to the sound of Maizie starting to think.
  
