 
  Confidence Game
  
 
  By JIM HARMON
  
 
  Illustrated by EPSTEIN
  
 
  [Transcriber's Note: This etext was produced from
   
  Galaxy Science Fiction June 1957.
   
  Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that
   
  the U.S. copyright on this publication was renewed.]
  
 
 
 
   I admit it: I didn't know if I was coming or
    
   goingâ€”but I know that if I stuck to the old
    
   man, I was a comer ... even if he was a goner!
   
 
 
 
  Doc had this solemn human by the throat when I caught up with him.
  
 
  "Tonight," Doc was saying in his old voice that was as crackled and
important as parchment, "tonight Man will reach the Moon. The golden
Moon and the silver ship, symbols of greed. Tonight is the night when
this is to happen."
  
 
  "Sure," the man agreed severely, prying a little worriedly at Doc's
arthritic fingers that were clamped on his collar. "No argument. Sure,
up we go. But leave me go or, so help me, I'll fetch you one in the
teeth!"
  
 
  I came alongside and carefully started to lever the old man loose,
one finger at a time. It had to be done this way. I had learned that
during all these weeks and months. His hands looked old and crippled,
but I felt they were the strongest in the world. If a half dozen winos
in Seattle hadn't helped me get them loose, Doc and I would have been
wanted for the murder of a North American Mountie.
  
 
  It was easier this night and that made me afraid. Doc's thin frame,
layered with lumpy fat, was beginning to muscle-dance against my side.
One of his times was coming on him. Then at last he was free of the
greasy collar of the human.
  
 
  "I hope you'll forgive him, sir," I said, not meeting the man's eyes.
"He's my father and very old, as you can see." I laughed inside at the
absurd, easy lie. "Old events seem recent to him."
  
 
  The human nodded, Adam's apple jerking in the angry neon twilight.
"'Memory Jump,' you mean. All my great-grandfathers have it. But
Great-great-grandmother Lupos, funny thing, is like a schoolgirl.
Sharp, you know. I.... Say, the poor old guy looks sick. Want any help?"
  
 
  I told the human no, thanks, and walked Doc toward the flophouse three
doors down. I hoped we would make it. I didn't know what would happen
if we didn't. Doc was liable to say something that might nova Sol, for
all I knew.
  
