The old man stared at the door, an obsolete visual projector wobbling
precariously on his head. He closed his eyes and the lettering on the
door disappeared. Cassal was too far away to see what it had been. The
technician opened his eyes and concentrated. Slowly a new sign formed
on the door.
  
 
  TRAVELERS AID BUREAU
   
  Murra Foray, First Counselor
  
 
  It was a drab sign, but, then, it was a dismal, backward planet. The
old technician passed on to the next door and closed his eyes again.
  
 
  With a sinking feeling, Cassal walked toward the entrance. He needed
help and he had to find it in this dingy rathole.
  
 
  Inside, though, it wasn't dingy and it wasn't a rathole. More like a
maze, an approved scientific one. Efficient, though not comfortable.
Travelers Aid was busier than he thought it would be. Eventually he
managed to squeeze into one of the many small counseling rooms.
  
 
  A woman appeared on the screen, crisp and cool. "Please answer
everything the machine asks. When the tape is complete, I'll be
available for consultation."
  
 
  Cassal wasn't sure he was going to like her. "Is this necessary?" he
asked. "It's merely a matter of information."
  
 
  "We have certain regulations we abide by." The woman smiled frostily.
"I can't give you any information until you comply with them."
  
 
  "Sometimes regulations are silly," said Cassal firmly. "Let me speak to
the first counselor."
  
 
  "You are speaking to her," she said. Her face disappeared from the
screen.
  
 
  Cassal sighed. So far he hadn't made a good impression.
  
 
  Travelers Aid Bureau, in addition to regulations, was abundantly
supplied with official curiosity. When the machine finished with him,
Cassal had the feeling he could be recreated from the record it had of
him. His individuality had been capsuled into a series of questions and
answers. One thing he drew the line atâ€”why he wanted to go to Tunney
21 was his own business.
  
 
  The first counselor reappeared. Age, indeterminate. Not, he supposed,
that anyone would be curious about it. Slightly taller than average,
rather on the slender side. Face was broad at the brow, narrow at the
chin and her eyes were enigmatic. A dangerous woman.
  
