
  At
  five-thirty, he returned
to the Dawes house, and was
promptly leaped upon by
little Sally.
  
 
  "Hi! Hi! Hi!" she said,
clutching his right leg and
almost toppling him over.
"We had a party in school. I
had chocolate cake. You goin'
to stay with us?"
  
 
  "Just another night," Sol
told her, trying to shake the
girl off. "If it's okay with
your folks. They haven't
found my car yet."
  
 
  "Sally!" Mom was peering
out of the screen door. "You
let Mr. Becker alone and go
wash. Your Pa will be home
soon."
  
 
  "Oh, pooh," the girl said,
her pigtails swinging. "Do
you got a girlfriend, mister?"
  
 
  "No." Sol struggled towards
the house with her
dead weight on his leg.
"Would you mind? I can't
walk."
  
 
  "Would you be my boyfriend?"
  
 
  "Well, we'll talk about it.
If you let go my leg."
  
 
  Inside the house, she said:
"We're having pot roast. You
stayin'?"
  
 
  "Of course Mr. Becker's
stayin'," Mom said. "He's our
guest."
  
 
  "That's very kind of you,"
Sol said. "I really wish you'd
let me pay somethingâ€”"
  
 
  "Don't want to hear another
word about pay."
 