They were at the watering holeâ€”Extrone, Lin, two bearers, and Ri.
  
 
  Since the hole was drying, the left, partially exposed bank was steep
toward the muddy water. Upon it was green, new grass, tender-tuffed,
half mashed in places by heavy animal treads. It was there that they
staked him out, tying the free end of the rope tightly around the base
of a scaling tree.
  
 
  "You will scream," Extrone instructed. With his rifle, he pointed
across the water hole. "The farn beast will come from this direction, I
imagine."
  
 
  Ri was almost slobbering in fear.
  
 
  "Let me hear you scream," Extrone said.
  
 
  Ri moaned weakly.
  
 
  "You'll have to do better than that." Extrone inclined his head toward
a bearer, who used something Ri couldn't see.
  
 
 
 
  Ri screamed.
  
 
  "See that you keep it up that way," Extrone said. "That's the way I
want you to sound." He turned toward Lin. "We can climb this tree, I
think."
  
 
  Slowly, aided by the bearers, the two men climbed the tree, bark
peeling away from under their rough boots. Ri watched them hopelessly.
  
 
  Once at the crotch, Extrone settled down, holding the rifle at alert.
Lin moved to the left, out on the main branch, rested in a smaller
crotch.
  
 
  Looking down, Extrone said, "Scream!" Then, to Lin, "You feel the
excitement? It's always in the air like this at a hunt."
  
 
  "I feel it," Lin said.
  
 
  Extrone chuckled. "You were with me on Meizque?"
  
 
  "Yes."
  
 
  "That was something, that time." He ran his hand along the stock of the
weapon.
  
 
  The sun headed west, veiling itself with trees; a large insect circled
Extrone's head. He slapped at it, angry. The forest was quiet,
underlined by an occasional piping call, something like a whistle. Ri's
screams were shrill, echoing away, shiveringly. Lin sat quiet, hunched.
  
 
  Extrone's eyes narrowed, and he began to pet the gun stock with quick,
jerky movements. Lin licked his lips, keeping his eyes on Extrone's
face. The sun seemed stuck in the sky, and the heat squeezed against
them, sucking at their breath like a vacuum. The insect went away.
Still, endless, hopeless, monotonous, Ri screamed.
  
