Funny, I hadn't thought about mating until it became impossible. I
remember the first time, out of sheer idleness, I wandered into a
Eugenic Center. I filled out my form very carefully and submitted it
for analysis and assignment. The clerk saw my name, and did the usual
double-take. He coughed and swallowed and fidgeted.
  
 
  He said, "Of course you understand that we must submit your
application to the woman authorized to spend time in the mating booths
with you, and that she has the right to refuse."
  
 
  "Yes, I understand that."
  
 
  "M'm," he said, and dismissed me with a nod.
  
 
  I waited for a call in the next few weeks, still hoping, but I knew
no woman would consent to meet a man with my name, let alone enter a
mating booth with him.
  
 
  The urge to reproduce myself became unbearable. I concocted all sorts
of wild schemes.
  
 
  I might infract socially and be classified a nonconform and sent to
Marscol. I'd heard rumors that in that desolate land, on that desolate
planet, both mingling and mating were rather disgustingly unrestricted.
Casual mating would be terribly dangerous, of course, with all the wild
irradiated genes from the atomic decade still around, but I felt I'd be
willing to risk that. Well, almost....
  
 
  About then I began to have these dreams. As I've told you, in the dream
there was only this woman's seductive voice. The first time I heard it
I awoke in a warm sweat and swore something had gone wrong with the
sleep-learner. You never hear the actual words with this machine, of
course; you simply absorb the concepts unconsciously. Still, it seemed
an explanation. I checked thoroughly. Nothing wrong.
  
 
  The next night I heard the woman's voice again.
  
 
  "
   
   Try it
   
  ," she said. "
   
   Do it. Start tomorrow to get your name changed.
There will be a way. There must be a way. The rules are so mixed up
that a clever man can do almost anything. Do it, pleaseâ€”for me.
   
  "
  
