The chief called me in one day. He looked haggard.
  
 
  "Er—old man," he said, not quite able to bring himself to utter my
name, "I'm going to have to switch you to another department. How would
you like to work on nutrition kits? Very interesting work."
  
 
  "Nutrition kits?
   
   Me?
   
  On nutrition kits?"
  
 
  "Well, I—er—know it sounds unusual, but it justifies. I just had
the cybs work it over in the light of present regulations, and it
justifies."
  
 
  Everything had to justify, of course. Every act in the monthly report
had to be covered by regulations and cross-regulations. Of course there
were so many regulations that if you just took the time to work it out,
you could justify damn near anything. I knew what the chief was up to.
Just to remove me from my post would have taken a year of applications
and hearings and innumerable visits to the capital in Center One. But
if I should infract—deliberately infract—it would enable the chief to
let me go. The equivalent of resigning.
  
 
  "I'll infract," I said. "Rather than go on nutrition kits, I'll
infract."
  
 
  He looked vastly relieved. "Uh—fine," he said. "I rather hoped you
would."
  
 
  It took a week or so. Then I was on Non-Productive status and issued an
N/P book for my necessities. Very few luxury coupons in the N/P book.
I didn't really mind at first. My new living machine was smaller, but
basically comfortable, and since I was still a loyal member of the
state and a verified conformist, I wouldn't starve.
  
 
  But I didn't know what I was in for.
  
 
  I went from bureau to bureau, office to office, department to
department—any place where they might use a space drive expert. A
pattern began to emerge; the same story everywhere. When I mentioned my
specialty they would look delighted. When I handed them my tag and they
saw my name, they would go into immediate polite confusion. As soon as
they recovered they would say they'd call me if anything turned up....
  
