He leaned back in his chair and began to talk in a low voice completely
in contrast with the overbearing manner he had used upon Peter's
arrival. "You know what we make, of course."
  
 
  "Yes, sir. Conduit fittings."
  
 
  "And a lot of other electrical products, too. I started out in this
business twenty years ago, using orthodox techniques. I never got
through university. I took a couple of years of an arts course, and
got so interested in biology that I didn't study anything else.
They bounced me out of the course, and I re-entered in engineering,
determined not to make the same mistake again. But I did. I got too
absorbed in those parts of the course that had to do with electrical
theory and lost the rest as a result. The same thing happened when I
tried commerce, with accounting, so I gave up and started working for
one of my competitors. It wasn't too long before I saw that the only
way I could get ahead was to open up on my own."
  
 
  Lexington sank deeper in his chair and stared at the ceiling as he
spoke. "I put myself in hock to the eyeballs, which wasn't easy,
because I had just got married, and started off in a very small way.
After three years, I had a fairly decent little business going, and I
suppose it would have grown just like any other business, except for
a strike that came along and put me right back where I started. My
wife, whom I'm afraid I had neglected for the sake of the business,
was killed in a car accident about then, and rightly or wrongly, that
made me angrier with the union than anything else. If the union hadn't
made things so tough for me from the beginning, I'd have had more time
to spend with my wife before her death. As things turned outâ€”well, I
remember looking down at her coffin and thinking that I hardly knew the
girl.
  
 
  "For the next few years, I concentrated on getting rid of as many
employees as I could, by replacing them with automatic machines. I'd
design the control circuits myself, in many cases wire the things up
myself, always concentrating on replacing men with machines. But it
wasn't very successful. I found that the more automatic I made my
plant, the lower my costs went. The lower my costs went, the more
business I got, and the more I had to expand."
  
 
  Lexington scowled. "I got sick of it. I decided to try developing one
multi-purpose control circuit that would control everything, from
ordering the raw materials to shipping the finished goods. As I told
you, I had taken quite an interest in biology when I was in school,
and from studies of nerve tissue in particular, plus my electrical
knowledge, I had a few ideas on how to do it. It took me three years,
but I began to see that I could develop circuitry that could remember,
compare, detect similarities, and so on. Not the way they do it today,
of course. To do what I wanted to do with these big clumsy magnetic
drums, tapes, and what-not, you'd need a building the size of Mount
Everest. But I found that I could let organic chemistry do most of the
work for me.
  
 
  "By creating the proper compounds, with their molecules arranged in
predetermined matrixes, I found I could duplicate electrical circuitry
in units so tiny that my biggest problem was getting into and out of
the logic units with conventional wiring. I finally beat that the same
way they solved the problem of translating a picture on a screen into
electrical signals, developed equipment to scan the units cyclically,
and once I'd done that, the battle was over.
  
 
  "I built this building and incorporated it as a separate company, to
compete with my first outfit. In the beginning, I had it rigged up to
do only the manual work that you saw being done a few minutes ago in
the back of this place. I figured that the best thing for me to do
would be to turn the job of selling my stuff over to jobbers, leaving
me free to do nothing except receive orders, punch the catalogue
numbers into the control console, do the billing, and collect the
money."
  
 
  "What happened to your original company?" Peter asked.
  
