  Morgue Ship
  
 
  By RAY BRADBURY
  
 
  This was Burnett's last trip. Three more
   
  shelves to fill with space-slain warriorsâ€”and
   
  he would be among the living again.
  
 
  [Transcriber's Note: This etext was produced from
   
  Planet Stories Summer 1944.
   
  Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that
   
  the U.S. copyright on this publication was renewed.]
  
 
 
  He heard the star-port grind open, and the movement of the metal claws
groping into space, and then the star-port closed.
  
 
  There was another dead man aboard the
   
   Constellation
   
  .
  
 
  Sam Burnett shook his long head, trying to think clearly. Pallid and
quiet, three bodies lay on the cold transparent tables around him;
machines stirred, revolved, hummed. He didn't see them. He didn't see
anything but a red haze over his mind. It blotted out the far wall of
the laboratory where the shelves went up and down, numbered in scarlet,
keeping the bodies of soldiers from all further harm.
  
 
  Burnett didn't move. He stood there in his rumpled white surgical
gown, staring at his fingers gloved in bone-white rubber; feeling all
tight and wild inside himself. It went on for days. Moving the ship.
Opening the star-port. Extending the retriever claw. Plucking some poor
warrior's body out of the void.
  
 
  He didn't like it any more. Ten years is too long to go back and
forth from Earth to nowhere. You came out empty and you went back
full-cargoed with a lot of warriors who didn't laugh or talk or smoke,
who just lay on their shelves, all one hundred of them, waiting for a
decent burial.
  
 
  "Number ninety-eight." Coming matter of fact and slow, Rice's voice
from the ceiling radio hit Burnett.
  
 
  "Number ninety-eight," Burnett repeated. "Working on ninety-five,
ninety-six and ninety-seven now. Blood-pumps, preservative, slight
surgery." Off a million miles away his voice was talking. It sounded
deep. It didn't belong to him anymore.
  
 
  Rice said:
  
 
  "Boyohbody! Two more pick-ups and back to New York. Me for a ten-day
drunk!"
  
 
  Burnett peeled the gloves off his huge, red, soft hands, slapped them
into a floor incinerator mouth. Back to Earth. Then spin around and
shoot right out again in the trail of the war-rockets that blasted one
another in galactic fury, to sidle up behind gutted wrecks of ships,
salvaging any bodies still intact after the conflict.
  
 
  Two men. Rice and himself. Sharing a cozy morgue ship with a hundred
other men who had forgotten, quite suddenly, however, to talk again.
  
 
  Ten years of it. Every hour of those ten years eating like maggots
inside, working out to the surface of Burnett's face, working under the
husk of his starved eyes and starved limbs. Starved for life. Starved
for action.
  
 
  This would be his last trip, or he'd know the reason why!
  
 
  "Sam!"
  
 
  Burnett jerked. Rice's voice clipped through the drainage-preservative
lab, bounded against glassite retorts, echoed from the refrigerator
shelves. Burnett stared at the tabled bodies as if they would leap to
life, even while preservative was being pumped into their veins.
  
 
  "Sam! On the double! Up the rungs!"
  
 
  Burnett closed his eyes and said a couple of words, firmly. Nothing was
worth running for any more. Another body. There had been one hundred
thousand bodies preceding it. Nothing unusual about a body with blood
cooling in it.
  
