"Greetings, it said! Greetings!" Ball was mumbling incredulously
through shocked lips.
  
 
  Everyone on the ship had heard the voice. When it spoke again, Steffens
was not sure whether it was just one voice or many voices.
  
 
  "We await your coming," it said gravely, and repeated: "Our desire is
only to serve."
  
 
  And then the robots sent a
   
   picture
   
  .
  
 
  As perfect and as clear as a tridim movie, a rectangular plate took
shape in Steffens' mind. On the face of the plate, standing alone
against a background of red-brown, bare rocks, was one of the robots.
With slow, perfect movement, the robot carefully lifted one of the
hanging arms of its side, of its
   
   right
   
  side, and extended it toward
Steffens, a graciously offered hand.
  
 
  Steffens felt a peculiar, compelling urge to take the hand, realized
right away that the urge to take the hand was not entirely his. The
robot mind had helped.
  
 
  When the picture vanished, he knew that the others had seen it. He
waited for a while; there was no further contact, but the feeling of
the robot's urging was still strong within him. He had an idea that, if
they wanted to, the robots could control his mind. So when nothing more
happened, he began to lose his fear.
  
 
  While the crew watched in fascination, Steffens tried to talk back.
He concentrated hard on what he was saying, said it aloud for good
measure, then held his own hand extended in the robot manner of shaking
hands.
  
 
  "Greetings," he said, because it was what
   
   they
   
  had said, and
explained: "We have come from the stars."
  
 
  It was overly dramatic, but so was the whole situation. He wondered
baffledly if he should have let the Alien Contact crew handle it. Order
someone to stand there, feeling like a fool, and
   
   think
   
  a message?
  
 
  No, it was his responsibility; he had to go on:
  
 
  "We requestâ€”we respectfully request permission to land upon your
planet."
  
