Dylan sat for a long while by the radio shack, holding the ends in his
hands. He reached almost automatically for the bottle on his hip and
then, for the first time he could remember, let it go. This was real,
there was no time for that.
  
 
  When Rossel came up, Dylan was still sitting. Rossel was so excited he
did not notice the wire.
  
 
  "Listen, soldier, how many people can your ship take?"
  
 
  Dylan looked at him vaguely. "She sleeps two and won't take off with
more'n ten. Why?"
  
 
  His eyes bright and worried, Rossel leaned heavily against the shack.
"We're overloaded. There are sixty of us and our ship will only take
forty. We came out in groups, we never thought...."
  
 
  Dylan dropped his eyes, swearing silently. "You're sure? No baggage, no
iron rations; you couldn't get ten more on?"
  
 
  "Not a chance. She's only a little ship with one deckâ€”she's all we
could afford."
  
 
  Dylan whistled. He had begun to feel light-headed. "It 'pears that
somebody's gonna find out first hand what them aliens look like."
  
 
  It was the wrong thing to say and he knew it. "All right," he said
quickly, still staring at the clear-sliced wire, "we'll do what we can.
Maybe the colony on Three has room. I'll call Bossio and ask."
  
 
  The colonist had begun to look quite pitifully at the buildings around
him and the scurrying people.
  
 
  "Aren't there any fleet ships within radio distance?"
  
 
  Dylan shook his head. "The fleet's spread out kind of thin nowadays."
Because the other was leaning on him he felt a great irritation, but
he said, as kindly as he could, "We'll get 'em all out. One way or
another, we won't leave anybody."
  
 
  It was then that Rossel saw the wire. Thickly, he asked what had
happened.
  
 
  Dylan showed him the two clean ends. "Somebody dug it up, cut it, then
buried it again and packed it down real nice."
  
 
  "The damn fool!" Rossel exploded.
  
 
  "Who?"
  
 
  "Why, one of ... of us, of course. I know nobody ever liked sitting on
a live bomb like this, but I never...."
  
 
  "You think one of your people did it?"
  
 
  Rossel stared at him. "Isn't that obvious?"
  
 
  "Why?"
  
 
  "Well, they probably thought it was too dangerous, and silly too, like
most government rules. Or maybe one of the kids...."
  
