At the door to the famous rendezvous of the swankiest set, Si paused a
moment and looked about. He'd never been in a place like this, either.
However, he stifled his first instinct to wonder about what this was
going to do to his current credit balance with an inner grin and made
his way to the bar.
  
 
  There was actually a bartender.
  
 
  Si Pond suppressed his astonishment and said, offhand, attempting an
air of easy sophistication, "Slivovitz Sour."
  
 
  "Yes, sir."
  
 
  The drinks in the Kudos Room might be concocted by hand, but Si noticed
they had the routine teevee screens built into the bar for payment.
He put his credit card on the screen immediately before him when the
drink came, and had to quell his desire to dial for a balance check, so
as to be able to figure out what the Sour had cost him.
  
 
  Well, this was something like it. This was the sort of thing he'd
dreamed about, out there in the great alone, seated in the confining
conning tower of his space craft. He sipped at the drink, finding it up
to his highest expectations, and then swiveled slightly on his stool to
take a look at the others present.
  
 
  To his disappointment, there were no recognizable celebrities. None
that he placed, at leastâ€”top teevee stars, top politicians of the
Ultrawelfare State or Sports personalities.
  
 
  He turned back to his drink and noticed, for the first time, the girl
who occupied the stool two down from him. Si Pond blinked. He blinked
and then swallowed.
  
 
  "
   
   Zo-ro-as-ter
   
  ," he breathed.
  
 
  She was done in the latest style from Shanghai, even to the point of
having cosmetically duplicated the Mongolian fold at the corners of her
eyes. Every pore, but
   
   every
   
  pore, was in place. She sat with the easy
grace of the Orient, so seldom found in the West.
  
 
  His stare couldn't be ignored.
  
 
  She looked at him coldly, turned to the bartender and murmured, "A Far
Out Cooler, please, Fredric." Then deliberately added, "I thought the
Kudos Room was supposed to be exclusive."
  
 
  There was nothing the bartender could say to that, and he went about
building the drink.
  
 
  Si cleared his throat. "Hey," he said, "how about letting this one be
on me?"
  
 
  Her eyebrows, which had been plucked and penciled to carry out her
Oriental motif, rose. "Really!" she said, drawing it out.
  
 
  The bartender said hurriedly, "I beg your pardon, sir...."
  
 
  The girl, her voice suddenly subtly changed, said, "Why, isn't that a
space pin?"
  
 
  Si, disconcerted by the sudden reversal, said, "Yeah ... sure."
  
 
  "Good Heavens, you're a spaceman?"
  
 
  "Sure." He pointed at the lapel pin. "You can't wear one unless you
been on at least a Moon run."
  
 
  She was obviously both taken back and impressed. "Why," she said,
"you're Seymour Pond, the pilot. I tuned in on the banquet they gave
you."
  
 
  Si, carrying his glass, moved over to the stool next to her. "Call me
Si," he said. "Everybody calls me Si."
  
 
  She said, "I'm Natalie. Natalie Paskov. Just Natalie. Imagine meeting
Seymour Pond. Just sitting down next to him at a bar. Just like that."
  
 
  "Si," Si said, gratified. Holy Zoroaster, he'd never seen anything
like this rarified pulchritude. Maybe on teevee, of course, one of the
current sex symbols, but never in person. "Call me Si," he said again.
"I been called Si so long, I don't even know who somebody's talking to
if they say Seymour."
  
 
  "I cried when they gave you that antique watch," she said, her tone
such that it was obvious she hadn't quite adjusted as yet to having
met him.
  
 
  Si Pond was surprised. "Cried?" he said. "Well, why? I was kind of
bored with the whole thing. But old Doc Gubelin, I used to work under
him in the Space Exploration department, he was hot for it."
  
 
  "
   
   Academician
   
  Gubelin?" she said. "You just call him
   
   Doc
   
  ?"
  
 
  Si was expansive. "Why, sure. In the Space Department we don't have
much time for formality. Everybody's just Si, and Doc, and Jim. Like
that. But how come you cried?"
  
