At last it was over, and the proud faces descended upon us in a huge,
babbling wave.
  
 
  Then I saw him. Good old Stardust Charlie.
  
 
  His wizened little body was shuffling down an aisle, his eyes shining
like a child's. He'd been sandwiched, evidently, in one of the rear
rows.
  
 
  But he wasn't the Charlie I'd seen a year ago. He'd become gaunt and
old, and he walked with an unnatural stiffness. He looked so old that
it was hard to believe he'd once been young.
  
 
  He scratched his mop of steel-gray hair and grinned.
  
 
  "You made it, boy," he chortled, "and by Jupiter, we'll celebrate
tonight. Yes, siree, I got twenty-four hours, and we'll celebrate as
good spacemen should!"
  
 
  Then Mickey strode up to us. He was his normal, boyish self again,
walking lightly, his blond, curly-haired skull swaying as if in rhythm
with some silent melody.
  
 
  And you, Laura, were with him.
  
 
  "Meet the Brat," he said. "My sister Laura."
  
 
  I stared almost rudely. You were like a doll lost in the immensity
of your fluffy pink dress. Your hair was long and transformed into a
golden froth where sunlight touched it. But your eyes were the eyes
of a woman, glowing like dark stars and reflecting a softness, a
gentleness that I'd never seen in eyes before.
  
 
  "I'm happy to meet you, Ben," you said. "I've heard of no one else for
the past year."
  
 
  A tide of heat crept up from my collar. I stuttered through an
introduction of Charlie.
  
 
  You and Mickey looked strangely at Charlie, and I realized that old
Stardust was not a cadet's notion of the ideal spaceman. Charlie
scorned the skin-tight uniforms of the government service and wore a
shiny black suit that was a relic of Everson's early-day Moon Patrol.
His tie was clumsily knotted, and a button on his coat was missing.
  
 
  And the left side of his face was streaked with dark scar tissue, the
result of an atomic blowup on one of the old Moon ships. I was so
accustomed to the scars, I was seldom aware of them; but others, I
knew, would find them ugly.
  
 
  You were kind. You shook hands and said, softly: "It's a privilege to
meet you, Charlie. Just thinkâ€”one of Everson's men, one of the first
to reach the Moon!"
  
 
  Charlie gulped helplessly, and Mickey said: "Still going to spend the
weekend with us, aren't you, Ben?"
  
 
  I shook my head. "Charlie has only twenty-four hours liberty. We're
planning to see the town tonight."
  
 
  "Why don't you both come with us?" you asked. "Our folks have their
own plane, so it would be no problem. And we've got a big guest room.
Charlie, wouldn't you like a home-cooked meal before going back to the
Moon?"
  
 
  Charlie's answer was obscured by a sudden burst of coughing. I knew
that he'd infinitely prefer to spend his liberty sampling Martian
fizzes and Plutonian zombies.
  
 
  But this night seemed too sacred for Charlie's kind of celebration.
  
 
  "We'd really like to come," I said.
  
