Lorelei buried her head on his chest, clutching at him desperately.
"Peter!" she said faintly. "Why do they broadcast such things?"
  
 
  "They have to," he told her grimly. "There will be panics and suicides,
and they know it; but they have to do it. This isn't like a war, where
the noncombatants' morale has to be kept up. There aren't going to be
any noncombatants, this time. Everybody in the world has to know about
them, so that he can fight themâ€”and then it may not be enough."
  
 
  The viewpoint of the teleo sender changed as the two red beings soared
away from their victims and angled slowly up the street. Peter reached
out to switch off the scanner, and froze. The girl felt his muscles
tense abruptly, looked back at the scene. The Invaders were floating
up the sloping side of a tall, pure white structure that dominated the
rest.
  
 
  "That's the Atlas building," she said unbelievingly. "Us!"
  
 
  "Yes."
  
 
  Silently, they counted stories as the two beings rose. Forty-five ...
forty-six ... forty-seven ... forty-eight. Inevitably, they halted.
Then they faded slowly. It was impossible to say whether they had gone
through the solid wall, or simply melted away.
  
 
  The man and woman clung together, waiting.
  
 
  There was a thick, oppressive silence, full of small rustlings and
other faint sounds that were no longer normal. Then, very near, a man
screamed in a high, inhuman voice. The screamed dwindled into a throaty
gurgle and died, leaving silence again.
  
 
  Peter's lips were cold with sweat. Tiny nerves in his face and arms
were jumping convulsively. His stomach crawled. He thrust the girl away
from him and started toward the inner room.
  
 
  "Wait here," he mouthed.
  
 
  She was after him, clinging to his arms. "No, Peter! Don't go in there!
   
   Peter!
   
  " But he pushed her away again, woodenly, and stalked forward.
  
 
  There was a space in the middle of the room where machinery had been
cleared away to make room for an incompleted setup. Peter walked down
the narrow aisle, past bakelite-sheathed mechanisms and rows of animal
cages, and paused just short of it.
  
 
  The two red beings were there, formless bodies hazy in midair, the
distorted, hairless skulls in profile, staring at something outside his
range of vision.
  
