On the broad verandah at Government House, Retief settled himself
comfortably in a lounge chair. He accepted a tall glass from a
white-jacketed waiter and regarded the flamboyant Flamme sunset, a
gorgeous blaze of vermillion and purple that reflected from a still
lake, tinged the broad lawn with color, silhouetted tall poplars among
flower beds.
  
 
  "You've done great things here in sixty years, Georges," said Retief.
"Not that natural geological processes wouldn't have produced the same
results, given a couple of hundred million years."
  
 
  "Don't belabor the point," the Boyar Chef d'Regime said. "Since we seem
to be on the verge of losing it."
  
 
  "You're forgetting the Note."
  
 
  "A Note," Georges said, waving his cigar. "What the purple polluted
hell is a Note supposed to do? I've got Aga Kagan claim-jumpers camped
in the middle of what used to be a fine stand of barley, cooking
sheep's brains over dung fires not ten miles from Government Houseâ€”and
upwind at that."
  
 
  "Say, if that's the same barley you distill your whiskey from, I'd
call that a first-class atrocity."
  
 
  "Retief, on your say-so, I've kept my boys on a short leash. They've
put up with plenty. Last week, while you were away, these barbarians
sailed that flotilla of armor-plated junks right through the middle of
one of our best oyster breeding beds. It was all I could do to keep a
bunch of our men from going out in private helis and blasting 'em out
of the water."
  
 
  "That wouldn't have been good for the oysters, either."
  
 
  "That's what I told 'em. I also said you'd be back here in a few days
with something from Corps HQ. When I tell 'em all we've got is a piece
of paper, that'll be the end. There's a strong vigilante organization
here that's been outfitting for the last four weeks. If I hadn't held
them back with assurances that the CDT would step in and take care of
this invasion, they would have hit them before now."
  
